Adds Kubernetes App update info after succesfull migration (#856)
SumoLogic/sumologic-kubernetes-collection: deploy/docs/v1_migration_doc.md

- Follow steps mentioned [here](https://github.com/SumoLogic/sumologic-kubernetes-collection/blob/master/deploy/docs/Non_Helm_Installation.md#deploy-prometheus) to deploy Prometheus.
##### 2.3: Deploy Fluent Bit
- Follow steps mentioned [here](https://github.com/SumoLogic/sumologic-kubernetes-collection/blob/master/deploy/docs/Non_Helm_Installation.md#deploy-fluentbit) to deploy Fluent Bit.

## Kubernetes App dashboard update

> After successful migration please make sure to update your Kubernetes App dashboard to the latest version.

Reviewer: Let's link to the help docs as well.

```suggestion
After successful migration please make sure to [reinstall your Kubernetes App](https://help.sumologic.com/07Sumo-Logic-Apps/10Containers_and_Orchestration/Kubernetes/Install_the_Kubernetes_App_and_view_the_Dashboards) to the latest version.
```

Reviewer 2: +1
